# Roslyn Documentor

I like to build class libraries (i.e. [Postulate.Lite](https://github.com/adamosoftware/Postulate.Lite) and [TestDataGen](https://github.com/adamosoftware/TestDataGen)), and I like to document them with links to source code line numbers and relevant top-level method info so that people have at least a chance of finding them useful for something. The problem is documentation is pretty hard to build manually much less keep updated -- especially as line numbers shift as a project evolves. There are lots of .NET documentation generators out there, but they don't do quite what I want. I've found that they build content that's hard to reuse elsewhere as well as being too voluminous, not lending itself to quick scanning -- something that would fit on a single page readme.

The purpose of this repo is to offer a library for analyzing C# code and returning an [abstraction layer of model classes](https://github.com/adamosoftware/RoslynDocumentor/tree/master/MarkdownBuilder/Models) that can be used with any template mechanism. Ultimately, I want to generate GitHub markdown in a particular way for use in my own class library readmes, but to do that I need to get the Roslyn code analysis working.

I started looking at Roslyn for the first time seriously just yesterday, and I found it pretty forbidding. Yes it's amazingly cool, but I got stuck pretty quickly. This repo began as a sample project using [this](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/csharp/roslyn-sdk/get-started/syntax-analysis) as a starting point. I wasn't quite sure what I wanted when I started, so some of the naming choices for this repo are suspect.
